---
# slug is for URL and comments. Don't change once comments are committed
slug: "welcome to gday digital nomads"
title: "Welcome to G'Day Digital Nomads"
alt-title: 'Tech, Travel & Lifestyle'
description: A warm welcome to all digital nomads and Traveling Yogis around the world. Please read our quick intro about us and why we started this site.
author: Jordan Rancie
categories: ['Travel']
tags: ['Featured', 'Technology', 'Travel', 'App Development', 'Adventure', 'Innovative Ideas', 'Digital Solutions', 'Mind Body Soul', 'Work Life Balance', 'Digital Nomads', 'Traveling Yogis', 'Socially Conscious Apps']
comments: true
# Image types: fullwidth, large, feature, thumbnail
images:
  - type: fullwidth
    url: banners/welcome-blog.jpg
#    title: Welcome
#    description: Welcome again
    height: 500px
  - type: related
    url: audrey-jordan.jpg
    title: "Welcome to G'Day Digital Nomads"
  - type: thumbnail
    url: audrey-jordan.jpg
    title: "Welcome to G'Day Digital Nomads"
# Gallery types: fullwidth, large, feature
gallery:
  sitegallery: audreyjordan
  type: feature
  thumb: thumb
  fullsize: fullsize
---

Hey guys, Welcome to our site. We are Jordan and Audrey. We created this site for a few reasons.

#### 1. Share our Adventures traveling around the world

The world is a big place and its worth exploring. Meeting new people from different walks of life. Making new friends. Obsorbing new cultures. Trying new foods. Listening to new music. Gathering stories about cultural hstory and religions. Whatever motivates you, we recommend taking a few months off...maybe even a year, stripping away what doesn't really matter, dissolving those stresses of life we feel we need to carry and breaking out of those comfort zones we all build around ourselves.

{::options parse_block_html="true" /}
<div class="blog-post">
>
Nothing expands the soul like travel
{: class="quote-post"}
**Abbey Dyball**
</div>
{::options parse_block_html="false" /}

Another thing travel does is gives you perspective. And this brings us to our second reason for starting this site. This Digital Age has clearly come, but is still growing. 3rd and 4th world countries are just now getting the benefits of a world that is connected to everyone and everything with just about any source of information at your fingertips. Witht he perspective we gained while traveling we decided that our most rewarding walk in life would be to create digital tools that allowed for this growth to continue in a positive way. 

#### 2. Create Digital Projects that could help solve systemic issues in the world

It's our belief that Socially Conscious Digtial Solutions have the capacity to become exceptional catalysts for transforming the world in positive ways. The possibilities are literally endless. Providing first-rate education platforms for children across the globe regarless of origin or priviledge. The integration of new Renewable Energies. The restructuring of our economy to be more geared towards susainability of processes instead of pure capitalistic lines. Medical Technologies to create healthier societies. The advocation of public rights so a single voice is easily heard....I could go on here, but you get the idea.

At G'Day Digital Nomads we thrive on searching for those ideas that can change the world and bringing them into reality.

#### 3. A Balance between Working, Work fulfilment and Lifestyle

We found that these elements of our life can become so quickly out of balance - Mortgage, Bills, Routines, Responsibilities. Coming to a nice balance between these elements of our life has been a life long effort. For me, and my partner we fould that first we should structure our life to engage in projects that resonate with what we care about. The second thing we learnt was that although we may care deeply about our work, a work to lifestyle balance was essential - this came in the way of management of time - the 80/20 rule being applied to work, fintness and leisure time.  

A part of this site is to help others learn from our experience in finding a healthy work-life balance, increasing productivity of time and sound balance between mind, body and soul.

<div class="full-width video-container">
  
    <iframe class="embed-responsive-item" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/xyy7LROKwEc" allowfullscreen></iframe>
  
</div>

We'd love to have your support and participation on this journey as we try to make the world a better place. We hope you enjoy our channel.

