---
# slug is for URL and comments. Don't change once comments are committed
slug: Yoga on the Road
title: My Yoga routine on the road
alt-title: 'This is some text look at me'
description: How to stay active and healthy when you're on the road can sometime be a challenge. This routine for 30 minutes a day helped me.
author: Audrey Cassim
categories: ['Travel', 'Lifestyle', 'Yoga']
tags: ['Adventure', 'Yoga', 'Fitness']
comments: true
images:
  - type: related
    url: yoga.jpg
    title: My Jump for joy 
---

After being on the road for almost 3 years now, I have not always found it easy to stay fit and healthy everyday. Sometimes hostels and homestays have no space to practise, sometimes the weather is terrible and you can’t go outside... sometimes you have to deal with sand flies on the beach. This article aims to give you the basics on how to balance your energy while you're on the road.

Here are some benefits to practising yoga on the road:
{: .m-bot-10}

- **Preparing your body and your mind for travel** - Travel creates unexpected circumstances. For example, exhausting yourself after 120 kms of driving a motorbike in the rain *(See [Biking in Vietnam](#))*. Yoga helps cultivate better focus and greater agility.
- **Boosting your immune system** - Maintaining a healthy immune system is a big priority when we travel. A healthy immune system means you're less suseptible to getting sick when eating something wrong, and more likely to being able to fight off other bodily imbalances like Viral or Bacterial infections.
- **Improving your Sleep Cycles** - You are not always guaranteed a quiet room and comfy bed, it is important to keep an eye on your sleeping routine as it has a direct effect on your daily energy levels.
- **Manage stress levels better** - With greater calm, you'll find you will not loose your temper when they inevidably cancel your booking, lose your luggage, cancel your credit card or are eaten alive by mosquitos.
- **Be more present** and **take more enjoyment** from every moment of your trip.
{: .m-bot-20}

### Where to practise
{: .m-top-20}
Anywhere with a little space. Ideally you may want to travel with a Yoga mat. I found the best travel mat to be [Yogo mat](https://yogo.net/). But any mat works. If you are camping, a Sleeping Mat works. In my case, i used my towel or pareo.

That's the magic of yoga, you can practise everywhere, just be creative...a giant banana leaf would be ok to do a good savasana  :-)


## My Routine

My simple asanas series to stretch my muscle and restore my energy after a long journey.

If you have time, a complete series of sun salutation is perfect

1 - Title: Tadanasa
English name: Mountain pose

Photo

How do do it:

Benefit: Breathing,

2 - Title: Utkatasana
English name: Standing forward bend

Photo

Explanation:

Focus:

2 - Title:
English name:

Photo

Explanation:

Focus:

3 - Title:
English name:

Photo

Explanation:

Focus:

4 - Title:
English name:

Photo

Explanation:

Focus:

focus

Neck
    -utkatasana
    -down facing dog
shoulder
    -upper facing dog
spine
    -
inversion
    - reverse
stretch hips
    -warrior 2
    -triangle pose
    -lunge warrior 1
    -Reclining bound angle pose /Supta Buddha Konasanap
psoas
pigeon
reverse warrior

sun salutation
12
mountain pose/ 3 right/3left
warrior 1variation
1/slow 2/deep 3/ flow
chair pose 3/3
warrior 2 variation

wide legged forward bend - Prasarita Padottanasana
eagle pose - Garudasana
revolved chair pose - Pavivrtta utkatasana

1) mountain pose
2) utkatasana  : bench your knees, play with the arms
3 ) flat back
4) utkatasana
5) plank pose
6) lunge pose warrior 1
7) tree pose


yoga poses for travellers
https://www.yogaoutlet.com/guides/yoga-poses-for-travelers

pose for bikers

yoga for bikers
https://womenadvriders.com/yoga-for-motorcyclists/

Reclining bound angle pose /Supta Buddha Konasana
classic Restorative pose perfect after long drive
all the description below
https://www.yogajournal.com/poses/reclining-bound-angle-pose

High lunge pose
Revolved side angle pose
warrior 2
pumping warrior
exalted warrior
extended side angle with a bind
wide legged standing forward bend
sukhasana

simple pose to do during traveling and without need of mat
Arch Adho Makha Svanasana
Utkatasana
standard hip stretch
tree pose
utthita hasta padangustasana
uttanasana
https://greatist.com/fitness/yoga-road-infographic


### Tips

Best way to restore your energy in 30 min
Do a yoga Nidra class, known as yogic sleep. Yoga Nidra is a meditation and conscious relaxation practise that is intended to induce total physical, mental and emotional relaxation. I tried it the first time in an ashram in Australia, since i cannot stop to practise it minimum twice a week. Easy to do it on the road by yourself, find a Yoga Nidra class on youtube or on my favourite meditation apps Insight timer, then lay down in a comfortable position (pillow, blanket) and just follow the voice. It is  totally amazing how in just 30 min you feel restful as 4h sleep.

to read more about yoga nidra:
https://mindfulminutes.com/what-is-yoga-nidra/

Youtube is a good source to follow a class online for free.
My favourite class teacher for a good vinyasa flow is <a www.yogawithtim.com > Tim Senesi </a>

My favorite meditation app  is <a https://insighttimer.com/> Insight Timer </a> This app is amazing and free, you can check how many people around you meditate at the same time, create social meditation groups, follow one of guided meditation, binaural beats, chanting mantras, yoga nidra… create your own alarm for a silent meditation.




